##Information security control

###Passwords control
1.	Asignate secure passwords generated by a password generating tool.
     https://www.lastpass.com/es/password-generator here we can find an easy password generation tool.
     
2.	Manage passwords using a password manager software.
     Lastpass is a password manager free, but also are a premium version which provides of more features.
     https://www.lastpass.com/es/password-manager
     
3.	Change passwords monthly or quarterly.
     For kkep a good credentials management is necesary to implement a security politics that establish
     a periodically user-passwords changing, and managing passwords if somebody leaves the orgamnization.
     
4.	Each user would have different password.
     That would be included in the Security politics.
     
5.	Passwords would be sent through VPN encrypted connection, never sent by e-mail.
     A simple and free way to share credentials is using TeamViewer tool, which includes a file transfering tool through VPN tuneling, for more security.

###Phishing prevention
1.	Implement a wordpress anti-phishing plugin.
A plugin can be used is **dmarcian**, which allow view the mails received status (about possible phishing attacks).


###DDoS prevention
1.	Implement a wordpress anti-DDoS plugin.
For prevent issues caused by a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attacks could to use **Protection Against DDoS** wordpress plugin, which addresses that issues.



###Spam prevention
1.	Implement a wordpress anti-spam plugin.
**Akismet** checks your contact form submissions against a global database of spam to prevent the website from getting malicious content.


###SSL Certification
Is very important to have SSL certification on the website for keep data secure and give security to the clients, because SSL provides a secure connection between the server and the clients.
To install a SSL certification in the website we need:
*	A SSL certification (key)
*	Configure the SSL certification in Wordpress.
A SSL certification can be generated through MMC tools from Wiindows Server operating system.
To activate the SSL certification in the website, the easiest way yo do it is using a SSL configuration wordpress plugin called **Really Simple SSL**, or set up manually on the Wordpress configuration panel instead.
